docs: correct compile and model typo, etc (#1490)
Samsung/ONE-vscode: README.md

## Quick Links

- [Tutorial](./docs/Tutorial.md)

>   - The tutorial contains how to install ONE-vscode extension, how to installa toolchain, how to copmile a model, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The tutorial contains how to install the ONE-vscode extension, how to install a toolchain, how to compile a model, etc.
```
